Updated README to show azd init with and without template (#46)
Azure/enterprise-azureai: README.md

### 1. Initialize a new `azd` environment

```shell
azd init -t Azure/enterprise-azureai
```

> If you already cloned this repository to your local machine or run from a devcontainer or Github Code spaces you can run this command from the root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already cloned this repository to your local machine or run from a Dev Container or GitHub Codespaces you can run the following command from the root folder.
```
